---
title: "Creating My Personal Website From Scratch!"
date: 2024-12-22
---

Hello world! My name is Tim Swanson and I am currently a student studying information systems (cybersecurity concentration) at Central Michigan University. I am excited to share with you all my experience as I work on my own cybersecurity home projects as someone with little experience. Fortunately, being a cybersecurity student, I have had some offensive cybersecurity experience with Kali Linux using tools like Nmap, John the Ripper, Hashcat, Netcat, etc. At the time of this blog post, I have probably applied to over 150+ internships for the upcoming summer as I am itching to stat my career in cybersecurity before I graduate in the December 2025. To gain more experience, I decided to document my projects here in this blog. The first project will be creating my own website. Sure, I suppose I could have opted to cheat and use software like Wix or Weebly, but that wasn't appealing to me as I want this blog to be representative of the skills that I have learned over the years. Only catch is... it's been a while. So I've had to refresh my coding skills and re-learn html and css. If you are reading this post, that means that I have succeeded in purchasing my own unique domain name, configure my DNS settings to my Github repository, and coded the skeleton of my website. At this point, don't expect my website to look like anything fancy as I am just getting started. However, as I continue this project I will create improvements along the way and hopefully make the website more appealing. But for now, you're stuck with this. Sorry, not sorry. 
